[Music]
q bye so I think it's so cute
just kidding we're getting two trunks
one for our friend who hosted us in
their rental house and then one for our
friends who live here
oh that is perfect very Sasha so now
we're shopping for kids this one's
perfect ice cream
the Bears are always a hit all the
whales gum it gummy eggs are always a
hit with kids we're good box number two
photobombing it yeah oh this is so sweet
I would get these as presents for people
any day yeah I think they're really
pretty
yes we're the only ones in what you will
not be able to find this anywhere else
so every single bottle is hand done it's
part of our collection super cute it is
kids Wow yeah people oh right yeah love
it yes well
[Music]
I'll then spray the tissue paper did you
want something unique from not so yeah
it's just exclusive to why I love that
oh that's what thank you
mm-hmm thank you don't worry I'm glad we
found something free oh yes mm-hmm
God - thank you so much
ah okay now we're in we were trying some
sports bras on so
we're going to try
you know like a full of water
cheerleader right now success
[Music]
your Disney fanatic in Hawaii
my favorite flower on that Wednesday is
[Music]
Circle City consumers wear your ring and
surround oh my gosh this makes me think
of like when I would get indeed which I
would want the dialogue to be from
somewhere that means a lot tip of yes
how romantic would that be
[Music]
I think we should do your birthdays more
like this anyway what did he yeah she
put in yeah yeah actually I don't know
why we were already in the system but
they had a different address for us as
we lived and also just a cleaning cloth
clean the surface like this okay mm-hmm
we don't recommend to use this enamel
safe because it's not gonna the
shiny mm-hmm
yes or you can come to any store for its
cleaning is complimented oh so in
fosston you can do that oh yeah oh thank
you thank you so much would you like to
wear well the day before you anything
because that has done yeah so I put that
the heart the other side and in here I
decide it's not oh I saw it so it's
better to like I wonder back yes
you know what this reminds me of is huh
and I love actually when mr. bean is
like doing but oh let's put it in the
gift box yeah let's wrap it up add a
little sprig of Holly that we don't yeah
I know
yeah it's have you ever seen love
actually it's a Christmas movie
oh yeah but it's funny because well it's
actually kind of sad but this man is
trying to buy a necklace while his wife
is shopping or another woman he's trying
to wrap and so the man is like doing all
of these things I mean in this beautiful
box thank you so much yes
this looks so good
it's all natural what
[Music]
experiment
yeah
[Music]